
Intro
-------
Slide 1:
Hey guys my name is Roland, and no I am not from Poland.
--
Hola chicos, mi nombre es Roland, o al menos es lo que me llaman.
--
Hey Leute, mein Name ist Roland und ich komme us der Swiiz.
--
Salut les gars, mon nom est Roland, je viens de Zurich, et not, je ne suis pas trop riche.

Slide 2:
I just heard the best way to grow subs, views and likes is, yes right, to make videos about subs, views and likes.
--
Acabo de escuchar que la mejor manera de aumentar los subs, las vistas y los me gusta es, sí, claro, hacer videos sobre subs, vistas y me gusta.
--
Ich habe gerade gehört, der beste Weg, um Subscriptions, Views und Likes zu bekommen, ist
ja klar, Videos über Subscribtions, Views und Likes zu machen.
--
Je viens d'entendre que la meilleure façon d'augmenter les abonnements, les vues et les likes est, oui, de faire des vidéos sur les abonnements, les vues et les likes.

Slide 3:
In this video series I provide you one tip in each video in 4 languages
Nice side effect: you learn at least three foreign languages. 
--
En esta serie de videos te doy un consejo en cada video en 4 idiomas.
Buen efecto secundario: aprendes idiomas extranjeros.
--
In dieser Videoserie gebe ich dir in jedem Video einen Tipp in 4 Sprachen.
Schöner Nebeneffekt: Sie lernen Fremdsprachen.
--
Dans cette série de vidéos, je vous donne un conseil dans chaque vidéo en 4 langues.
Bel effet secondaire: vous apprenez des langues étrangères.

Tip 1 (good content, long watch time, get recommended by youtube)
---------

Slide Intro 1 to 7:
Are you ready for my tip? Then let's start!
--
¿Estás listo para mi propina? Entonces comencemos!
--
Bist du bereit für meinen Tipp? Dann lasst uns loslegen!
--
Êtes-vous prêt pour mon conseil? Alors commençons!

Slide1:
Make sure, that people watch the whole video or a large portion of it. Let's say between 50 to 60 percent. 
--
Haga que la gente vea el video completo o una gran parte de él. Digamos entre 50 y 60 por ciento.
--
Stellen Sie sicher, dass die Leute das ganze Video oder einen großen Teil davon sehen. Sagen wir zwischen 50 und 60 Prozent.
--
Assurez-vous que les gens regardent l'intégralité de la vidéo ou une grande partie de celle-ci. Disons entre 50 et 60%.

Slide2:
If you are below 50% then you're actually less likely to get suggested on YouTube,  by YouTube's ranking algorithms.
--
Si tienes menos del 50%, es menos probable que te sugieran en YouTube (según los algoritmos de clasificación de YouTube).
--
Wenn du unter 50% bist, ist es weniger wahrscheinlich, dass du (durch die Ranking-Algorithmen von YouTube) auf YouTube vorgeschlagen wirst.
--
Si vous êtes inférieur à 50%, vous êtes en fait moins probable d'être suggéré sur YouTube, par les algorithmes de classement de YouTube.

Slide3:
It is important to be suggested, since that makes your video show up on people's home page and search results and that's how they find your video. 
--
Es importante que te sugieran, ya que eso hace que tu video aparezca en la página de inicio de las personas y en los resultados de búsqueda y así es como encuentran tu video.
--
Es ist wichtig, vorgeschlagen zu werden, da dadurch Ihr Video auf der Startseite und in den Suchergebnissen der Nutzer angezeigt wird und sie Ihr Video auf diese Weise finden.
--
Il est important d'être suggéré, car cela fait apparaître votre vidéo sur la page d'accueil et les résultats de recherche des gens et c'est ainsi qu'ils trouvent votre vidéo.

Slide4:
Only create and post highly watchable content. Because as you know, on YouTube the number of views is actually less important, than average watch duration.
--
Solo crea y publica contenido de buena calidad. Porque, como saben, en YouTube el número de visitas es en realidad menos importante que la duración promedio de reproducción.
--
Veröffentlichen Sie nur Inhalte von guter Qualität. Denn auf YouTube die Anzahl der Aufrufe weniger wichtig, als die Wiedergabedauer.
--
Créez et publiez uniquement du contenu de bonne qualité. Parce que, comme vous le savez, sur YouTube, le nombre de vues est en fait moins important que la durée moyenne de visionnage.

Slide5:
You want to never lose the viewer's attention so you always have to do something, don't just be quiet for a whole minute.
--
Nunca pierdas la atención del espectador. Por lo tanto, siempre tienes que hacer algo. No te quedes callado por un minuto entero.
--
Verlieren Sie niemals die Aufmerksamkeit des Zuschauers. Man muss immer etwas machen, seien sie nicht einfach eine ganze Minute still.
--
Ne perdez jamais l'attention du spectateur. Il faut donc toujours faire quelque chose. Ne restez pas silencieux pendant une minute entière.

Slide6:
Just saying that it is important to watch the whole video or even the whole video series, will not prevent viewers to click away if they are bored.
--
Solo decir que es importante ver todo el video o incluso toda la serie de videos, no evitará que los espectadores hagan clic cuando estén aburridos.
--
Nur zu sagen, dass es wichtig ist, das gesamte Video oder sogar die gesamte Videoserie anzusehen, hindert die Zuschauer nicht daran, wegzuklicken, wenn sie sich langweilen.
--
Seulement dire qu'il est important de regarder la vidéo entière ou même toute la série de vidéos n'empêchera pas les spectateurs vidéo de cliquer lorsqu'ils s'ennuient.

Slide7:
With 4 languages I increase the potential audience. But how to keep those interested, who are not interested in foreign languages, and those, who don't like to hear  the same story several times?
--
Con los 4 idiomas amplío la audiencia potencial. Pero, ¿cómo mantener interesados a aquellos que no están interesados en idiomas extranjeros y a quienes no les gusta escuchar la misma historia varias veces?
--
Mit  den 4 Sprachen vergrößere ich das potentielle Publikum. Aber wie kann man diejenigen bei Laune halten, die sich nicht für Fremdsprachen interessieren, und diejenigen, die nicht mehrmals dieselbe Geschichte hören möchten?
--
Avec les 4 langues, j'élargis le public potentiel. Mais comment garder ceux qui ne s'intéressent pas aux langues étrangères et ceux qui n'aiment pas entendre plusieurs fois la même histoire?

Slide8:
So because my videos take four times longer, I provided some additional content, to make as many of you happy. Some might learn a new language, others will watch the animations or listen to the background music.
--
Entonces, debido a que mis videos tardan cuatro veces más, proporcioné contenido adicional para hacer felices a la mayoría de ustedes. Algunos pueden aprender un nuevo idioma, otros verán la animación o escucharán la música de fondo.
--
Da meine Videos viermal länger dauern, habe ich einige zusätzliche Inhalte bereitgestellt, um möglichst viele von euch glücklich zu machen. Einige lernen eine neue Sprache, andere sehen sich die Animationen an oder hören Hintergrundmusik.
--
Parce que mes vidéos prennent quatre fois plus de temps, j'ai fourni du contenu supplémentaire, pour faire plaisir à beaucoup d'entre vous. Certains pourraient apprendre la langue, d'autres regarderont l'animation ou écouteront la musique de fond.

Slide 9:
All right, that was my tip. I hope you liked the video. Please leave a comment and if you are interested in even more of my videos please click the subscribe button and subscribe to my channel.
--
Bueno, ese fue mi consejo. Espero que hayas disfrutado el video. Deja un comentario y si estás interesado en más de mis videos, haz clic en el botón de suscripción y suscríbete a mi canal.
--
Gut, das war mein Tipp. Ich hoffe dir hat das Video gefallen. Bitte hinterlasse einen Kommentar und wenn du an noch mehr meiner Videos interessiert bist, klicke bitte auf den Subscribe-Button und abonniere meinen Kanal.
--
Eh bien, c'était mon conseil. J'espère que vous avez aimé la vidéo. Veuillez laisser un commentaire et si vous êtes intéressé par encore plus de mes vidéos, cliquez sur le bouton d'abonnement et abonnez-vous à ma chaîne.


Tip 2 (clean up channel, make it look professionel)
---------
So, my first tip is to actually clean
up your YouTube channel when I say clean
up I mean remove old videos that are no
longer relevant or have very bad quality

so let's say that your latest video is
really good quality and your viewers
actually think about subscribing after
seeing that video but once they go to
your channel and scroll down a bit they
see your old videos that are really bad
and that doesn't have any quality at all
and if they watched that video or those
videos then they're actually less likely
to hit subscribe and be a loyal follower
to your page so my tip is to actually
delete all the old videos or all videos
that don't that don't have good quality

and actually if you don't want to delete
them if you want them for like you know
in a few years you want to see where
you've been at then you can actually go
ahead and private them or unlist them
that way only you will be able to see
them or anyone with the link and that
way they will never get deleted and
you'll always have them on your youtube
channel so that's my first tip clean up
your videos clean up your YouTube
channel make your channel look
professional


Tip 3 (short videos, good watch time, recommended by youtube)
---------
my third tip is actually to make sure that your
videos are under 5 minutes and the
reason is that if your videos are long
than 55 minutes then your viewers aren't
likely to watch the entire video since
10 minutes is a long time and if your
content isn't that great
I mean if it's decent then it's a very
low possibility that your viewers or
most of your viewers will watch the
entire video 

so when you're a small
youtuber I always recommend people to
limit their videos to 5 minutes since
that way you're you're actually more
likely to get good watch time and as I
said before if you get good watch time
you're very likely you're a lot more
likely to grow that video and in turn
grow your channel so if you are new
youtuber go ahead and make your videos
below 5 minutes or if you actually have
really really good content then you can
make them longer but your watch duration
your average watch iteration may suffer

Tip 4 (put videos into play lists, autoplay, more views, suggested by youtube)
---------
another tip I have for you guys is to
put all of your videos or all of your
good videos into one playlist 

now having all your videos in one playlist will
cause viewers to not only watch one of
your videos but to watch them all or a
lot more than just one video since if
you have them in a playlist then
autoplay is automatically on which means
that when they watch one video the other
video will start playing almost right
away and if they don't click away and
they watch the entire playlist then
YouTube will know that viewers actually
like your content since they're watching
more of them 

so if you're getting like
the same amount of views of the same
viewers on every single video in that
playlist you're actually a lot more likely to get
prioritized by YouTube since they see
that viewers actually like your content

and if they do like your content if they
are engaging then you're actually more
likely to get suggested as I said before
and that will in turn help you gain
subscribers 

Tip 5 (customized  thumbnails)
---------

another tip is to create a custom human thumbnails 
now this is very important

some pretty flashy thumbnails
make people more likely to click on a
video and this will get you more views 
and more clicks and that's what it's all about 

it's about views and it's about watch time so
you need to create a human thumbnail and

it's actually better when you have a
custom thumbnail than just a random
image from the video since YouTube knows
that you actually put the time into the
video and when you put time into the
video YouTube rewards you 

so have a good
thumbnail that will cause more viewers
to click on your video to give you that
watch time since that will really really
help your video and your subscriber
amount to grow quickly


Tip 6 (consistent uploads, loyal audience)
----------

an hour tip is to
post awesome and consistently 

now if you
want loyal subscribers if you want
subscribers that will watch most of your
videos then you'll have to provide
content every now and then 

you can't
just provide one video a week or maybe
you can but not one video a month since
people will actually forget about your
channel and they might even unsubscribe
when they see that you upload a new
video since they don't even know who you
are or why the had subscribed to you 

so you should upload one every two or
three days to keep your viewers at your
page and keep them loyal so that they
don't unsubscribe and just keep
on watching your videos 

subscribers are actually the best people
to have to watch your videos since
subscribers sub for a reason 

they start because they want more content from you
and the subscribers are actually more
likely to watch a large portion of the
video than just random people that got
the video suggested or people that
search top your video so it's very
important to keep your subscribers
engaging so that they watch more of your
videos
[Music]


Tip 7 (search optimization, good ranking, pop up on youtube search)
---------

another tip for you guys is to optimize
your YouTube channel for search 

so if you want to actually pop up on the
YouTube search you should go into your
advanced settings on YouTube

add a good description and title 
with custom keywords about your 
video content and your channel

 it's very important that
people can find your channel since
that's how they come back to your
channel after watching a few videos if
they didn't click Subscribe already so
definitely go ahead and add some
keywords that will help in your channels
ranking 

Tip 8 (ask viewers to subscribe)
-------

my absolute last tip is to ask
your viewers to subscribe now 

this is
very important because you have to
actively remind people or your viewers
to subscribe to you since they don't
always think about it

have you seen a
single YouTube video by a large youtuber
that don't ask you to subscribe at the
end of the video or the start?

Probably not, because it's
almost impossible to find such a video
and that's because it actually works
that's how they get more subs because
when you ask someone to subscribe to you
then they'll have to actively accept or
deny that request 

so if you don't ask
then they don't have to do anything and
then we'll just forget about subscribing
to a channel 

so definitely ask them
every time you render your video since
it will always or not always but most of
the time it will help you get your
viewers to actually subscribe to your
channel and watch more videos from you
in the future so that's my tips for you
guys if this video was helpful to you
please go ahead and leave a like and
subscribe to the channel and I'll see
you guys in the next video
[Music]




